# NPS-Score-Analysis
For our Team Project, we decided that we would like to explore a data set with a business-related application to learn more about how a business drives its topline growth. More specifically, we are interested in learning about what factors influence a company’s performance with regard to customer satisfaction ratings.  Net Promoter Score (NPS) is a widely used metric that is leveraged in customer experience programs to aid companies in improving their products and services. NPS measures customer perception based on how likely it is that they would recommend a product or service to someone they know, where respondents give a rating between 0 (not at all likely) and 10 (extremely likely). 
The data set we chose was derived by CarMax, a used vehicle retailer based in the United States, which includes survey results from customers and information about their customer service experience. CarMax offers services very similar to that of businesses like AutoNation, Penske Automotive Group, and Carvana and, as a result, faces considerable competition in the market. We would like to shape our study questions around which explanatory variables have the greatest impact with respect to NPS, our outcome variable. For example, does the inventory level of a given CarMax location (i.e. high, medium, low) increase or decrease NPS? Furthermore, is there a statistically significant relationship between the type and direction of first contact with a customer (i.e., inbound/outbound, text/email/call) and NPS?  We believe these questions are important to evaluate in order to identify areas where CarMax can maximize operational efficiency.
As one of the leading businesses in its respective industry, analytics is at the center of all business decisions in CarMax. The company has amassed a wealth of data, providing a unique competitive advantage.  We believe data scientists and students alike can utilize data to optimize CarMax’s current strategies and recommend transformational business initiatives. Ultimately, we aim to answer the questions as to what are the main factors that drive an increase or decrease in NPS and where should CarMax focus its efforts to enhance its current business model for customer relationship management. 
